# wot-vt-converter
Convert 3dsmax2012 or blender v3.6 generated obj format into WorldofTanks vt file, or extract bsp from legacy BigWorld primitives file.

Tested under 3dsmax2012 and blender v3.6. Obj files created by different version or different software is possible but not guaranteed. 

Aside from generating xxx.vt, it will also generated xxx_2.vt with inverted facing, so that input model with wrong triangle facing can also be used.

The source of these defective models are not verified, but most likely created by tankExporter, WoT plugin for Blender, or both.

python 2.7~3.8 script


* obj2vt.py is recommended, it generates a more compact vt file.
* p2vt.py will extract bsp from primitives created by 3dsmax bigworld model exporter plugin, if there is a bsp section in it. However because the way bsp is stored, all shared verts are split for each adjacent faces, causing massive duplicates.

---

## obj2vt.py  
   * Convert 3dsmax2012 or blender generated obj format into WorldofTanks V1.x vt file. 
   * There should be only one entity in the obj file, as only the first 'g' or 'o' entity is recognized by this script. If you split the collision model into pieces in 3dsmax project file, __merge them before exporting to obj__. 
   * The model in the scene should be facing scene __'back'__, with 'flip YZ-axis' option in obj export parameter. 
   * __BOTH__ display and system unit of 3dsmax set to metric meter. 
   * obj file generated by different version or different software could cause unpredictable error, for obj format has many different ways to describe the same data.
### [usage]
 python obj2vt.py input.obj  
 python obj2vt.py *.obj  
### [generated vt files]
   * xxxxx.vt is the one you would normally use.
   * xxxxx_2.vt is created with inverted triangle facing by permutation of vert index for each triangle. Model with wrong facing appears to be a common occurance because some defective 3rd party WoT import/export tools used by modders. If the first vt doesn't work, try this one (after renaming). 

 ---
 
 ## p2vt.py  
* Extract bsp model from primitives file generated by bigworld 3dsmax model exporter plugin, if there is a bsp section in the file.
* aka it only works for primitives made by modders. Stock wot primitives are not supported, since they already stripped their bsp section.
* Tested with bigworld 1.91, bigoworld indie 2.1
* This script will not remove the bsp section from the input primitives.
* Because the way bsp is stored, all shared verts are split for each adjacent faces, creating a much larger vt file.
### [usage]
   python p2vt.py input.primitives  
   python p2vt.py *.primitives  
   python p2vt.py *.primitives_processed  
     
 
 
